Oh
seems like it
one
kenapa durban identify a para aprender y
no no me no me diga impending for so
many disciple perdomo Celia technion
three personal y hasta pasta
ladies and gentlemen you've just life
that I Benigno Aquino International
Airport smooth pacifica vaca frita
Manila we are now proceeding doors and a
tendency for yourseif assault by
disembarkation finally off the best
death row headed by falcon Garcia and
first officers and run the idea is by
having your own choice and am I my
texting me if you're making to Pacifica
and enough choice
safety is of primary importance to us so
please remain seated with your seat
belts fastened until the aircraft has
come to a complete stop please wait for
the fasten seatbelt sign to be switched
off before you get your bags or use the
lavatory exercise caution when opening
the overhead bins as the items inside my
tap is lodged or shifted during the
aircraft movement once again cell phones
must not be used for whatever purpose
while inside the aircraft before
deplaning please check your surroundings
to ensure you do not leave any of your
personal belongings behind thank you
marathi boy la mano menezes loco por
aqui behemoth angle on Babylon bacha be
principal of unguided asin vago como yo
para kunena me llaman academy de Bona de
hacer el in yamuna cell phones Pocoyo a
nozzle open an arrow plateau as a safety
precaution please wait for the fasten
seatbelt sign to be switched off before
standing up to get your back thank you
ladies and gentlemen to facilitate our
on-time departure may we request that
you cross your seatbelts as you leave
your seats thank you for flying with us
and we hope see you again soon in the
interest of safety guests are advised to
walk through designated areas at the
ramp as directed by the ground personnel
it is throw chemica to walk under the
aircraft wings please refrain from
taking pictures at the ramp due to the
busy ground servicing activities thank
you